This world
There is nothing that does not understand the pain of these unseen people
Bitter and more enjoyable
No.
How many of you?
Are you planning to openly confront the Dragon Temple?
The Dragon Temple has such a status
Of course, the three of us did not dare to offend
But now
We finally found our long-lost sister
From now on
We won't let anything happen to him again.
It seems that you are really this little junior sister
Then if I kill him
Will you be sad?
You dare you have no right
Even if you don't lead a soldier
Since you don't know the status of the Dragon Temple
Then it should be clear that the danger of the Dragon Temple cannot be violated
sin must die
Offend the Dragon Temple
Crime should be punished
As the god of war of the Dragon Temple
Now I will cut you to the sword
Those who block me die